You shot me.
Well, you were gonna shoot me.
All right, stay with me, Alan, okay?
Stay with me, Alan, all right?
You have a son now.
Think about that.
You're gonna pull through this.
-No sign of that lunatic Peter.
-Thinking he's crazy is your first mistake.
What do you call
firing at the Navy?
Aggressive. They'll think twice
about evac.
Gotta keep trying. There's no telling
how far the Mycosis has spread.
Mayday, Mayday.
This is Dr. Kyle Sommer with the CDC.
We have the cure for Mycosis.
I repeat, we have the cure.
We need to be smart,
find another way off this island.
The longer we wait,
the higher the rate of infection.
If one of those ships
gets to the mainland....
We need as much of the cure
as you can carry.
-Can you handle that?
-Absolutely.
Where are you going?
To make a deal with the devil.
What have you done?!
Save Amy.
For what?!
To look like this?
Look at the two of us.
What a pair we make.
We're absolutely hideous.
Beautiful.
I'm not beautiful anymore.
You know what I am, Landry?
Free.
Free to do whatever I want
to whoever I want.
And right now...
...I'd like to thank my immortal sisters...
...for my new face.
Two parts cannabis indica,
one part capsaicin.
When it came to pain management,
my mother was a genius.
Someone has desecrated
the counsel hall.
-One of the others saw Jerome--
-Thank you, Carson.
I thought it was a fool's errand...
...but an outsider found what's
been beneath our feet for centuries.
-The Mother Tree?
-What remains of her anyway.
Eli, her roots may still be viable.
How does that help us?
Dr. Walker said Ilaria wants Mother.
Why shouldn't you be the one
to deliver it?
Yes.
We can bypass the Navy
and the CDC.
I'm sure they'll pay handsomely.
It's not just about money.
Ilaria has power and influence.
Anne, you and I are going to be
heard around the world.
Those 200 followers?
Imagine 2 million.
I would follow you anywhere.
I need to get underneath the tree
and access the roots.
There are a number of blocked-off
stairways behind the counsel hall.
-We were told they were dead ends.
-Another one of Michael's lies.
For us, I'll always find a way.
Hey, buddy, why don't you
rest for a bit?
If I gave this much blood...
-...you'd have to scrape me off the floor.
-I'm fine.
When we get back, the first thing I'm
gonna do is order a pizza from Fellini's.
Thin crust, sausage and mushroom.
Two pizzas. One for each of us.
Then glorious sleep for a week straight.
-That's a long time.
-We'll take breaks, of course.
-Gotta make time for PlayStation.
-What's that?
You mean you've never played
"Call of Duty 4"?
Oh, man, you are in for a treat.
Hey.
I know we were real close
to getting out of here.
I'm disappointed too.
But nothing will stop us
from going home.
Us maybe, but not my mom.
I know, Soren.
I wish things were different.
It's not fair. Peter killed my mom.
Someone should kill him too.
Whoa, hold on now.
It may not be perfect or fair...
...but there's a system in place
to punish people like Peter.
And I promise you,
I'll do whatever I have to.
Peter is never gonna hurt you
or anybody else again.
Now what?
Let me find a flashlight.
Soren, come back here. Soren.
-How long have I been here?
-Five days.
It's strange how the tables have turned.
How's that?
I was here 30 years ago...
...but I wasn't the one in this bed.
-It was Alan.
-What happened?
I shot him.
That doesn't make any sense.
Love rarely does.
I haven't completely been honest.
Thirty years ago, I was here too.
You killed my mom!
Soren, you really shouldn't
have done that.
What do you mean,
you were here 30 years ago?
Who are you?
At least tell me why
you stole my father's sword.
You know what it means, don't you?
I can read it.
It's string of letters, dozens of them.
"C-A-C...
...G-U-C...
...A-C-A--"
That's an RNA code.
Each letter stands for a nucleotide.
-It's a recipe for a virus.
-Like TXM-7.
But he said it was his legacy.
Why would my father create a virus
to kill immortals?
All he ever wanted to do
was spread immortality.
Maybe someone changed his mind.
Goddamn it, Caleb, I'm dying.
I don't have time for games.
Just tell me.
I want to tell you everything.
But first you have to answer
one question.
Do you know the way to San Jose?
What--?
Carson?
Hello, Mother.
What?
Is something the matter?
Amy, your face.
-You're hurt.
-Since when do you care how I feel?
Of course I care.
You're my daughter.
Oh, really?
You didn't seem to care that much when I
begged you not to let my father have me.
I couldn't admit
I was wrong about Michael...
...because that would mean
my entire life was a lie.
I told myself laying with him
was a privilege.
But it was no honor.
It was abuse...
...so deeply rooted...
...that I accepted it
like the air we breathe.
-I am so sorry, Amy.
-No, no, no.
You don't get to do this.
Not now.
It's too late.
Look at me.
There's still hope for us.
Oh, no, Mother.
There's no hope.
And no amount of distance
will allow us to escape what we are.
You may not look like us...
...but inside...
...you're a monster...
...a freak...
...just like me.
Please give me another chance.
You don't deserve another chance.
And I won't allow you one.
The baby.
No.
Give me the baby.
-I won't let you make him like me.
-No!
If you follow us, I'll make sure
it never cries again.
Goodbye, Mother.
Conjunctive symbiosis.
The union of two species
in a single body.
That's Mother.
The root is the host...
...but the fungus causes the infertility.
Luckily she's also disjunctive.
She doesn't need the root for survival.
She can survive
in any genetic environment.
You should really stop talking.
I barely had enough thread
to suture the wound.
-Jules--
-I said no talking.
You can't give Mother to Ilaria.
-We can control it.
-Like Michael?
The Mycosis spread through bees.
Even Ilaria can't control nature.
Can't you see
that I don't have a choice?
You do.
You do. You have a choice.
You know what I have?
I have less than 12 hours
to stop the release of Narvik.
What happened now?
She shot me.
And he's still talking.
I don't want to get in the middle of this.
Can I have a minute?
You need to get back to Paris
as soon as you can.
-I wanna know if that job offer still stands.
-Yeah. Yeah, of course it does.
I need to get my son off this island
along with the rest of my team.
Okay, done.
Look, joining us at Ilaria is in the best
interest for you and the baby, okay?
Where did Alan go?
I don't know, but he has Mother.
This will do nicely.
Give it to me.
He's my friend.
Friend?
You--? You think it likes you?
Let me show you how much.
Cry really loud
so all the sisters can hear you.
Good baby.
You have no friends.
Julia.
Alan was here.
We're running out of time.
-If we don't find him soon--
-We will.
Well, what if we don't?
He has Mother. He has my sat-phone.
-I should've just let him bleed out.
-Maybe you should've.
It sounds callous,
but he put himself in this position.
-Let's just focus on finding him.
-And then what?
Are you prepared to kill him?
Because he won't stop.
His hatred for immortals,
he's obsessed.
-Can't help you and I being what we are.
-It's not our fault.
For the past year, I've been
jumping into every hot zone I can find.
-You've probably done a lot of good.
-Wish it was that, but the truth is...
...if I stop to think about
what all this means, I'd lose my mind.
-Did you hear that?
-Yup.
Oh, my God.
Who would leave a baby like this?
I don't know.
Let's just take it and go.
Sarah, they want the baby.
No, no, no. Be careful with that.
No, don't, don't. Don't shoot.
-Don't shoot.
-Alan could be bleeding to death.
-We don't have time for this.
-Trust me.
Please, please.
Please, he's my son.
Amy ripped my baby out of me.
And I'm guessing that she was
responsible for what happened to you.
But please don't hurt him
because of what she did.
Thank you.
Soren? Where have you been?
I've been looking all over for you.
-Are you all right?
-I'm fine.
What were you thinking?
You had me worried sick.
I'm sorry.
I was just following my path.
Well, from now on, I need to know
where your path goes at all times.
Look, this is kind of new for both of us,
so we gotta figure it out together.
It's just, no one ever cared
where I went before.
-All right, let's get back to work.
-Okay.
Drop the can.
You even know
how to operate that thing?
I don't need to.
Is that all you got?
Two weeks ago...
...I would've had a completely different
answer to that question.
You know, I should be thanking you.
When you left me down there
in that hole, I thought it was the end.
But it was just the beginning.
See, that's the thing
about hitting rock bottom.
It gives you a lot of time
to reassess what's really important.
Not so fast.
You know, I used to think that I....
I didn't deserve to be happy.
That I'd never really find love,
get married, have children.
But I've learned...
...that family is not
what you're born with...
...it's what you choose.
Family stands by you no matter what.
Unconditionally.
That is why...
...I know, Alan...
...that you...
...are not my family.
-You really mean it?
-Sure do.
-Whoever makes the cure gets to name it.
-But didn't Alan make it?
I'm sure he wouldn't mind
if we named it after you.
How about...
...Sorenol?
...Olivia?
I think that's a great idea.
Smell that?
Yeah.
It smells like smoke.
St. Germain,
this is the USS Independence.
We have a visual.
Fire on ground, do you copy?
Heck, yeah, we copy.
Standing by with the cure.
Be advised,
we're sending in another chopper.
Evac at 0400. Over.
We gotta go find Dr. Jordan.
And I'm not letting you
out of my sight. Come on.
-We need to get out of here.
-Not until I get my bag back and Mother.
How are you gonna do that?
You have no idea where Alan is.
I do now.
Who do you think started that fire?
He's trying to destroy Mother.
Come on.
-No, Julia. I can't.
-What?
I have to get my child to safety.
Okay. I'll meet you outside.
Dr. Walker?
Dr. Jordan?
I can't wait to see...
...what the ladies have done to you.
What are you doing?
Let go! Let go! Let go of me!
Let go. Let go!
Let go!
Landry!
Help me.
Please.
Landry. Please.
Help me. Help, help, help.
Come on. Landry!
Landry! No! No! No!
Let go!
No! No.
No!
Alan?
Jules.
Alan.
Where's my bag? Where's Mother?
Peter....
Okay, come on.
Come on. Come on.
Let's go.
I'm going back for our baby.
No, Eli.
It's too late.
I'm his father. I have to try.
Please, don't do this.
I can't lose both of you.
I told you, I'll find a way.
Sarah? Sarah?
You ought to keep
that kid on a tighter leash.
That little shit stabbed me.
Someone needs to
teach him some manners.
Is that true? Did you stab him?
Well, don't ever do that again.
Don't ever do that either.
About time someone did that.
Let's go.
Landry, stop. Where are you going?
Home.
Come on, Julia, where are you?
Before I show you something,
do you know the way to San Jose?
Yes, I do.
We were running late on our way
up north to where Alan's family was.
We blew a tire on the 101.
The car swerved across
four lanes of traffic.
We got a tow to
a repair shop in San Jose.
City hall was just down the street.
And in the time it took to patch a tire...
...we got married.
And I'll never forget what he said.
You love is gonna kill me.
I do know the way to San Jose.
Who are you?
Soren?
I haven't heard that name
for a long time.
Dr. Sommer,
you have something for us?
Seventeen vials of Mycosis cure.
We won't have time to run this
through normal testing protocols.
-You don't have to. This is the real deal.
-Can you stake your life on it?
I already have.
If he's telling the truth, we are gonna
save thousands of lives with this cure.
It's called Olivia.
Okay.
We'll take good care of Olivia.
Peter, you opportunistic prick.
I know you have Mother.
Where is she?
Why, right here, Julia.
Claire.
What are you doing here?
When we got word of a rescue
from St. Germain, we came quickly.
But I didn't call you.
That doesn't mean
we weren't listening.
Dr. Farragut has shared
how instrumental you were...
...in securing the Mother fungus.
How very thoughtful of him.
We'll have to make sure
he's properly compensated.
No need.
Madame Wallenberg has been
more than generous.
What about Narvik-C?
Narvik-C? Please tell me
you haven't discovered a new strain.
But you and the board
told me about it.
I don't seem to recall that.
Nor do I think will anyone at Ilaria.
Wow, Dr. Kyle.
Have you ever seen so many lights?
Dr. Sommer.
-You've brought in Dr. Farragut?
-Yes, ma'am.
-I have your man.
-Do we have enough to make an arrest?
First Bank of Atlanta.
Safety deposit box number 274.
It was Alan, wasn't it?
Why else would my wedding story
be the answer to your question?
It was Alan and your father.
-They created TXM-7.
-They were always at odds.
They found common ground...
...after Ilaria used the fungus
to gain control of human procreation.
They engineered a virus
to kill immortals.
But they also came up with a cure.
You?
You're the cure?
Alan said my blood was special.
That's why he hid me on this island.
And I'm gonna stay here until--
Until TXM-7...
...wipes out the entire
immortal population.
Take it.
-Maybe I don't deserve it.
-You came here looking for a cure.
I came here looking for time.
That's the thing.
The more you have, the more you want.
I can save your life.
If the plague is immortality...
...then there's only one cure.
I wish you'd change your mind.
And I wish I could see Alan
one more time.
Jules?
Sarah?
Where does my food come from?
Is it safe to eat? Is it natural?
Ilaria Fresh means
no harmful pesticides.
Each seed is specifically designed
with you and your family in mind.
When you shop Ilaria Fresh...
...you're pledging your commitment
to the stewardship of the future.
Their future.
So come, join us at the dinner table.
Together, we can brave the new world
of sustainable resources.
From our family to yours.
Ilaria Fresh.
Nicole Wilson?
Ilaria.
Living life.
Living longer.
How many women
do you normally see?
These days? Most of them.
It's just, I have everything else.
My great job, a wonderful husband...
...but it feels like one thing is missing.
A child, I mean.
I want to start my own family.
I saw a little girl the other day...
...about 3 or maybe 4 years old.
I thought I was dreaming.
I've heard that your program has
a 98 percent success rate with live births.
It's a nine-month commitment.
Very rigorous. You need to be
aware of the restrictions.
Of course.
I'll do anything.
Go ahead and get dressed.
The doctor will see you now.
Welcome.
I'm Dr. Jordan.